{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang9\f0\fs20 Commander,\par
\par
Unfortunately, your mission to reinforce Outpost Delta is no longer viable. Eden broke through Outpost Delta's defenses and destroyed many key buildings. You are now on a rescue mission for the surviving colonists.\par
\par
Eden found a way to manipulate our vehicle command network. They can scramble all vehicle command algorithm processors linked to the local network but cannot take direct control. Outpost Delta lost control of most all their units before attacking. Our units are still affected and appear mostly stationary, clustered in different areas around the damaged base. Occasionally the scrambled initiate patrols, self-destruct, or commit other random commands.\par
\par
After rendering our defensive units ineffective, Eden entered the base and destroyed both Command Centers. Once the command centers were destroyed, their forces pulled back across the Eastern ridge. We believe the retreat is an effort to reduce their casualties. Eden left 2 tank squadrons in the area and we believe is waiting for the eventual exhaustion of our scrambled units before reentering Outpost Delta. Based on their previous actions, they will likely level the remaining buildings on reentering the base. Your orders are to exploit the lull in their advance and organize an evacuation for the remaining colonists.\par
\par
Eden's new Tiger tank squadrons are combat operations. We are unable to match their firepower. Stay clear of their tank positions. If Eden locates your non-scrambled units in vicinity of the base, they will certainly retransmit their signal into our vehicle command nets. We are sending an attached file archive that contains a software patch for your vehicles' command net. The Savant with you can employ the patch to prevent complete control loss of your tank squadron. However, our vehicles will require maintenance at a garage to fully shield them from the effects. \par
\par
We are betting on Eden's imagery satellites remaining busy imaging our main base's defensive positions and not available to notice your vehicle activity. However, Eden will certainly be tipped on your presence if your vehicles come within visual range of their tank squadrons. Their wide thermal grid will likely pick up new building activity, so \i do not\i0  construct additional buildings. There is a small field of fumaroles West of the base that should be able to mask the heat signature of the construction and operation of a new command center.\par
\par
Outpost Delta was preparing an evacuation convoy in case they were overrun, but the convoy was not completed before the vehicles were manipulated. There are several ConVecs in the evacuation staging area West of the Outpost. Hopefully one of the ConVecs contains a Command Center so you can restore enough of the base systems to complete evacuation preparations. When a spider reprograms one of our scrambled units, it should be able to reboot the vehicle's scrambled command processor.\par
\par
Move quickly and get our colonists out before Eden reattacks. Eden's main battle line continues to advance toward our main colony. You will not have the firepower to break through Eden's attack line and return to our main base. After evacuating the colonists, head West and establish a temporary resupply base. We will deal with Eden's approaching forces.\par
\par
Good Luck Commander.\par
The survival of Outpost Delta's colonists rests in your hands. \par
}

